Angelic	⋁	Those who can take the form of Celestials grow shining wings that can buffet enemies.	Aurora Angel Wing
Bomb Set 	ᵘ	A satchel filled with primitive grenades, each a simple clay pot filled with black powder.	Aurora Brick
Bow	〉	An old variety of ranged weapon that has seen considerable improvement to compete with firearms.	Yellow Sea Pine Brown
Broadsword 	♠	A wide-bladed two-handed sword that mixes the savagery of an axe with the precision of a sword.	DB Iron
Cannon 	ɼ	A very-long-ranged weapon that can obliterate one enemy with fire, though it takes ages to load.	Aurora Lead
Cape 	⍝	Among the least effective ways to kill someone, but great for confusing foes and deflecting projectiles.	Aurora Grape Soda
Carving Knife 	▶	This sharpened chef's implement is just as good at slicing up a steak as it is slashing living flesh.	Pure Crimson
Chakram Set 	°	A collection of bladed hoops, meant to be worn along the forearms for blocking or hurled quickly at foes.	CW Gold
Crossbow 	⊢	Part-way between the Bow and the Musket, Crossbows are highly accurate and easily pierce armor.	CW Drab Apricot
Dagger Set 	▶	A versatile choice, the Dagger Set is typically concealed between layers of clothing for surprise stabs.	Sumac
Derringer Set 	ᵣ	Carrying many small loaded firearms lets you avoid loading a gun in combat, though the range isn't great.	Dark Gray
Flail 	¡	A nasty spiked ball whipped around on a heavy chain; it's simply brutal against armored foes.	Black Kite
Fossil Fang	ɿ	A gift of the land to those who protect it, this massive tooth carries primal magic power.	Ecru
Greataxe 	⚑	It's hard to beat this two-handed axe when it comes to overkill; the destruction these wreak is legendary.	Lye
Grimoire 	⍗	A Black Book, with a Shadow attack that turns magic defense against the target but is otherwise weak.	Aurora Eggplant
Hammer	℉	A heavy one-handed tool converted into a weapon of war that is especially strong against armor.	Light Khaki
Handaxe Set 	⚑	Some call them tomahawks, others hunga munga; this is a bag of throwing axes by any name.	Flax
Hatchet	⚑	A medium-sized axe balanced for carving wood rather than throwing, it can carve flesh just as well.	Gold
Instrument 	♪	A fine musical instrument designed to play clear notes for casting spells, with a simple Sound attack.	Golden
Javelin Set 	↗	A back-carried container of short spear-like weapons balanced more for throwing than thrusting.	CW Pale Lime
Katana 	ɭ	A curved blade attributed mystical power that can make effortless quick slices with impressive accuracy.	Aurora Aquamarine
Lance 	↑	An uncommon weapon, the Lance can't attack a close-by enemy but can annihilate further-away foes.	CW Pale Brown
Longspear 	↑	The art of killing a man with a pointed stick has gotten more complex over time, but the weapon has not.	Aurora Honeydew
Longsword 	†	Longswords have good accuracy, damage, and parrying ability, helping their bearer excel in every battle.	Aurora Slow Creek
Musket 	ɼ	A two-handed firearm that spits out a heavy lead ball; its damage is impressive, but its load time isn't.	Aurora Boysenberry
Net	⍯	A tool used for fishing or trapping, refitted for bringing down human targets without harming them.	Fern Green
Orb 	●	A perfectly round crystal that allows its bearer to both contemplate Void and attack with Void magic.	Indigo
Pistol 	ᵣ	A one-handed firearm that pierces armor easily and at decent range, but is slow to reload.	CW Faded Sapphire
Pole 	┃	Whether an collapsible pole or just a piece of bamboo, a Pole is excellent at whacking multiple foes.	Aurora Eucalyptus
Polearm 	↟	A Polearm could be a halberd, glaive, ranseur, guan do, or just about any sharp thing on a long stick.	CW Pale Chartreuse
Razor Deck 	⍰	An fine deck of cards with razor-sharp wire running around each card's edge; a tricky thrown weapon.	CW Flush Magenta
Saber 	ɭ	An elegant dueling weapon that is sharp all along its blade; ideal for thrusting attacks and parries.	Aurora Tropic Mist
Scepter 	∤	A magician's response to the firearm; this is an ornate two-handed staff that “fires” energy blasts.	Aurora Fruit Punch
Scimitar 	ɭ	A strongly curved one-handed blade meant for drawing blood from multiple foes with one sweeping slice	Aurora Slow Creek
Shield 	⊕	Not esteemed as a weapon, Shields greatly support a bearer's defenses, and for that they are common.	Cherry Blossom Mouse
Shortsword 	▶	Not quite a knife or a sword, Shortswords are heavier than they look, but can still be swung quickly.	CW Pale Red
Shuriken Set 	★	Some dismiss Dagger Sets and prefer these throwing stars; they cause brutal damage to exposed skin.	Aurora Ninja
Staff 	⍭	A Staff can sweep but otherwise is a lackluster weapon; its mirror and parry abilities make it useful.	Safflower
Symbol 	ᴴ	A holy symbol, regardless of religion, can issue divine judgment even when simply worn or carried.	Lemon Chiffon
Unarmed	ɱ	Since Unarmed attacks can be mixed into weapon attacks, many warriors pick up basic brawling skills.	DB Nude
Vile	✗	Those who can take the form of Fiends exude horrid tentacles that rot the flesh of their enemies.	Electric Lime
Whip 	ʆ	The tool of a harsh taskmaster or possibly a beast tamer, Whips are strong against unarmored foes.	Chestnut Leather Brown
Wild	ʬ	Those who can take the form of Animals gain better defenses and attacks, but can't wield weapons.	Horsetail
Amulet	ɤ	A chunk of a strange stone that fell from between the stars, now worn as a necklace to grant magical power and sometimes resilience against Atomic attacks.	Chartreuse Green
Armor Spikes	ˇ	A series of heavily spiked straps meant to fit over armor, these defenses make fighting you in melee a challenge.	Aurora Wet Stone
Black Belt	₋	A martial artist's best friend, the Black Belt is a common reward from a dojo to a long-time student.	CW Almost Black
Cloak	ᴖ	An overcloak that helps protect against ailments and magic, and sometimes is waterproof enough to guard against Water attacks.	White Tea Dye
Crown	ᵕ	A royal headpiece that ensures the wearer won't be belittled; the best Crowns protect against Holy attacks, the result of mistrust between churches and kings.	Golden
Crystal	⬠	A potent meditation aid that allows its holder to ignore hunger and may scatter Light attacks.	CW Dark Magenta
Elegant Garb	Ω	A dress or toga so beautiful that anyone charming you can't concentrate; it may flow and divert Wind attacks.	CW Pale Purple
Encyclopedia	⍃	Just carrying an Encyclopedia helps you feel confident in your mental faculties and may shield against subtle Void attacks.	Corn
Hat	ʍ	A headpiece that carries minor protective spells; some are built to divert Sound attacks from the wearer's head.	Chestnut Leather Brown
Heavy Armor	∏	Though it is one of the strongest protections available against physical attack, Heavy Armor is exhausting to wear.	CW Dark Gray
Light Armor	∩	Light Armor helps protect its wearer from physical attack, and may also protect against magic or other forms of attack as well.	CW Gray White
Marque	⌺	A letter written by an authority that gives its holder a disciplined calm, and may protect from effects related to the laws of the land.	Indigo Dye
Mask	⊛	A primitive wood face-covering, it serves the simple purpose of protecting the eyes and face, but may also grant protection from Fire.	Burgundy
Quiver	″	A container filled with arrows or bolts meant for Bows or Crossbows, having a better Quiver means you are better at archery.	Pale Oak
Relic	ͼ	A preserved piece of an object involved in a miracle long ago, a Relic protects against curses and may even work against deadly Wasting attacks.	Lemon Chiffon
Robe	⍬	Though this appears to be an overly-decorated bathrobe, it is known to magicians as a potent reflector of their spells.	CW Dark Violet
Sandals	ᴌ	An easy way to move more quickly that provides resistance to entangling effects, and may carry protection against Earth attacks.	CW Light Brown
Stealth Garb	ᴥ	A black, tightly-fitting garment that can be worn over armor and helps wriggle out of immobilization; may shield against Shadow attacks.	Aurora Pitch Black
Suit	Ʌ	A finely tailored garment that helps your confidence; may carry enchantment against Entropy attacks.	Dark Gray
Totem	ᴕ	A small amulet made of hand-carved wood and bone that helps protect from nature's most common nuisances, sometimes including Poison attacks.	Fern Green
Utility Harness	‡	A cluster of cables linking a harness over your body to items you want to hold onto; good ones are designed to ground the user against Storm attacks.	Aurora Chinchilla
Acid 	※	A foul-smelling liquid that scalds flesh, but is easily stopped by armor.
Ambrosia	ᵈ	A cup of the milky nectar of the gods that replenishes both body and mind.
Armor Seed	ᶳ	A small green seed that grows into flexible armor made of vines when watered.
Beer 	ᵈ	A favorite of those who don't want to stop drinking.
Black Spot	※	A pirate's foul mouth is nothing compared to the curse they can emit with a Black Spot.
Blast Powder 	ᶳ	For one shot, it's an incredible improvement over the black powder firearms typically use.
Bread 	ᶠ	Wholesome, pure, and very filling, Bread is the simplest way to ease an aching belly.
Cake	ᶠ	A baked delight decorated with sugary icing; it isn't as filling as you'd hope.
Candy 	ᶠ	Once you start eating Candy, you don't want to stop eating Candy.
Cheese 	ᶠ	A fairly nutritious food that makes you briefly more robust, but rots quickly.
Cold Snap	※	A frigid piece of blue alchemical crystal that instantly chills its surroundings when broken.
Dispel Gel 	ɂ	A cube of gray jelly in a paper wrapper that absorbs magic power when the wrapper breaks.
Egg 	ᶠ	Eating a raw Egg is a great way to feel strong, but eating too many makes you ill instead.
Fish 	ᶠ	Even a small fish is powerfully nutritious and helps sharpen your reflexes.
Forbidden Scroll	※	Illegal, but still sometimes used by mages as a last resort to avoid other mages' spells.
Fruit	ᶠ	A small sweet fruit that is nicely invigorating; commonly found by foraging.
Fury Froth 	※	A roiling foam held in a sealed lead flask; when opened it lashes out at everything nearby.
Pure Water 	ᵈ	A glass vessel filled with water so clear it might be divine; can cleanse evil from objects.
Honey	ᶠ	A chunk of honeycomb laden with sweet, sticky goodness; sometimes found by foraging.
Liquor 	ᵈ	Liquor gets you drunk quicker, but it can be sickeningly strong.
Meat 	ᶠ	Though not quite as strengthening as an Egg, Meat is much more filling.
Nut 	ᶠ	Gobbling down Nuts helps keep your body hardened to attack, while continuing to be filling.
Prayer Bead 	※	A tiny, rune-inscribed stone; when the rune is read aloud, it erupts in deific power.
Rumble Stone	※	A fist-sized rock painted to depict a scene of disaster; when thrown, the earth trembles.
Safety Rune 	ɂ	A scroll containing a calligraphic word; when dropped to the ground it shields those nearby.
Serum	ᶳ	An oily fluid made mostly from monster organs; grants a drinker brief but mighty strength.
Shackle Glyph 	※	An alphabetical letter made of thin iron chains that contorts to trap an enemy of the law.
Soul Smoke	ɂ	A bottle of smoke that can replenish exhausted items, but may carry a curse if overused.
Sticky Flame	※	A white blob of alchemical origin, it burns fiercely when exposed to air or even water.
Sun Drop 	※	A pouch holding a glass vial with shining fluid inside; the light is strong enough to burn.
Tornado Fan	※	What appears to be a simple paper fan can be activated once to summon a mighty gale.
Uranium Ore 	※	A chunk of greenish-yellow rock with a magic spell holding its radiation in... until it's thrown.
Vegetable	ᶠ	Vegetables are commonly found by foraging, and are filling even if somewhat boring.
Wine 	ᵈ	An elegant drink that only gets finer with age, and helps a drinker stay safe from magic.
Rotten Food	ᵠ	A putrid lump of unidentifiable garbage that can defile whatever it is smeared on.
